Listen to the steel. Bring it up and listen.
This is from the earth itself
Yuan Yang Realm There is only one pair in the world
I am not just Lian Cheng
And if you take this world with you, you can enter the underground palace.
Seeing the earth, the strong dare not play with food
Thank you Fang Liang for such an expensive gift.
I can’t ask for your affection for Xiaojun
Any gift is appropriate
Xiaojun is still unwilling to take Ming Ruoxue with him
ok mom
Mom, I also wish you the best
A hundred years of cruelty. I should leave.
I still have to deal with some of the difficulty
You found this all
Go to jail and wake up.
Tiangang took the person away
I'll give it to you
Don't drink it and let people burn it for you, right?
You said it was harmful, dear